stocks have risen there's no doubt but
once we look at this without any bias we
can see that there has been manipulation
we know what the central banks have been
up to tech stocks specifically have been
the number one seller for foreign
central banks including the Swiss
National Bank as a result an unfair
Advantage has become apparent but no
worries everything is going to be just
just fine you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you can you guess
which stock this
is well it's Netflix that's right
Netflix has accelerated Beyond a PE
ratio of 100 now of course this is not
the only stock which has a PE ratio of
100 but the reason that I mention this
that I think it is is so critical is
that I talked about this in my first
book and what I said was that we had the
tech boom and bust and many stocks were
at a PE ratio of over 100 I talked about
how historically the PE Ratio was
approximately
16 and this is something that goes back
all the way to the
1800s and then you look at
these stocks in this particular time
frame frame of the tech boom and bust
and many of them had gone over 100 and
that was astronomical and then we saw
the stock market crash considerably you
saw the NASDAQ not coming back up to its
previous highs for so so many years
following that and now today we see
Netflix hitting a p ratio of 100 this is
just one indicator it is simply one
indicator of many many believe that it
is one of the primary
indicators however it's just one so
we'll take a look at another one I just
wanted to mention the fact that central
banks have
selectively purchased shares of
particular companies now where do those
central banks get their money it's like
you and I a central bank has to go to
work 9-to-5 job save their money and
then they invest it or or wait a second
do they just print up the money out of
thin air and decide that they'll buy
some apple they'll buy some
Netflix and they'll perhaps leave out
certain companies so certain companies
get that unfair Advantage but others get
the short end of the stick so they never
receive the advantages of all the money
printing I never received any money of
from all this money printing I don't
know about you maybe maybe you did but I
certainly didn't so let's look at
another indicator
here and you can see the Netflix non Gap
free cash flow so this here Gap is the
generally accepted accounting
principles and the free cash flow over
this time frame over the past few years
now has been terrible for Netflix not
only is it in the negative but it
continues to get worse and that isn't a
good sign yet the stock continues to
rise again it's only one indicator but
now we're showing that two indicators
plus the fact that if these central
banks are buying up the shares what
would happen if all of a sudden the
central banks weren't buying these
shares does it still deserve
the price that it's at today or is it
simply investors hedge funds algorithms
riding the wave of all this Central Bank
manipulation you be the judge of
that now look at this the ecb's balance
sheet has risen considerably as well and
you can see that despite the talk of
this
tapering I've seen nothing to that
you know BS talk this is since 2015 it
has continued to increase in fact it has
gone
beyond the fraudulent government of
Japan's
GDP look at that a central bank has
printed so much
money that on its balance sheet it's
more than a country's
GDP that is Extreme
that should be sending off warning
signals that there is too much money
being printed by these central banks but
of course not going to happen a lot of
this money gets put
into whether it's buying up toxic debt
whether it's buying up the debt of
Corporations as the ECB is doing right
now maybe they're buying out stocks
directly each Central Bank has their own
sort of program
the fact is that how
long can this go on for is it Perpetual
as they said in
1929 maybe but then again those people
in
1929 seemed to you know realize what was
happening by about 1931 or
so the central bank balance sheets here
as you can see can you believe it the
FED isn't the king anymore the FED has
been keeping a level whereas the bank of
Japan and the ECB have surpassed that so
no longer does the FED have that crown
on top of its head it has been knocked
out and the ECB and the bank of Japan
have gone beyond that
congratulations now this here is from a
book by Murray off
bird I think he's an excellent author
personally I've read a couple of his
books extremely detailed by the way if
you haven't read any but he has a very
simple writing style so this is what he
wrote I want to share it with you I
think it's just so telling and I
completely agree banking is not a
legitimate
industry providing legitimate service so
long as it continues to be a system of
fractional Reserve banking that is the
fraudulent making of contracts that it
is
impossible to
honor to me that is just smacks me right
in the face it's so true it's so obvious
and yet we're here we have to live
within this environment the banks own
everything go to your sky
skyeline take a look at what all the
biggest buildings
are almost all of them will be
Banks their investment institutions or
commercial Banks or anything else and
you just see the way it is they own and
control this system at this
level and they manipulate
everything they decide when to bring
back that liquidity to call it in and
cause a
collapse and they decide when they want
to create a
boom they generate that through Central
Banking through the creation of
fraudulent
debt you and I can't decide that you and
I don't have a say we can't
vote we can't even know what they're
doing and yet they're in control of this
entire system
they created the central banks those in
control of these commercial Banks
investment institutions they created the
central banks and they are manipulating
us as a result the entire monetary
system is a
fraud that's why in my second book I
actually make
the push that maybe we should do away
with it that we should become
self-sufficient
I'm personally sick and tired of all the
boom and bus cyclos we're always going
to be sort of dealing with it in one way
shape or form we have to have a handle
on it most people
anyway and so what will we do
well my advice is to become
self-sufficient as much as
possible things like getting so panels
and other
things so that's the solution everyone's
always asking for the solution it's hard
to do that on every single video I've
talked about it so many times on other
videos before I I outline all of that in
my books it's easier in the books
because you know you
have many many pages and chapters and
things that you can outline that and not
just a 10-minute video so if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs up when you give me a thumbs up
it pushes these videos higher up into
YouTube search rankings so I appreciate
that and last but not least if you found
this video informative I know you will
find my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative so the first book Is
Where I get into the PE ratios I break
down the tech boom and bust I have a
whole chapter on that whereas the new
book takes on familiar Concepts but I
also get into the things like becoming
self-sufficient like earning earning
income and other things so you can
actually flip through those books at
Amazon there's a link in the
description take care